[THEME MUSIC]
>>WILLIAM HENRY: Hello.
I'm William Henry.
Welcome to "The Awakened Soul."
Our soul is a star
walker by nature.
Our true home is out
there in the cosmos,
somewhere, maybe another
star system, maybe
another dimension, maybe just
another galaxy somewhere.
The question is,
how does this soul
travel to these other
dimensions, galaxies,
or star systems?
In previous episodes,
we introduced
the idea of the cosmic egg
as a method of transport.
And we proposed the
idea that it's actually
a wormhole opened by the soul.
A wormhole is a tunnel or
shortcut through space-time.
As many of my readers
know, I am a proponent
of the idea that our soul can
turn our body into a stargate
and then travel the cosmos.
This is the great secret
of the soul, in fact.
My path to this
realization began in 2002,
when on my first
visit to Egypt, I
had a profound
soul-awakening experience
during a visit to the "KIng's"
Chamber of the Great Pyramid.
I knew that the
Great Pyramid was
viewed by the ancients as
a transfiguration machine,
or what we call a stargate.
What I didn't realize is that
it may still be operational
and that I could've had
an experience with it.
Here's what happened.
After ascending the pyramid's
Grand Gallery to the King's
Chamber, this incredible
pink granite room,
we excitedly explored
this amazing space.
And then finally, our
group settled down.
I picked a spot,
and I slid my back
against the pink granite wall,
closed my eyes to meditate.
I acknowledged where I was,
at the center of the land
masses of the Earth in perhaps
the most powerful building ever
conceived on Earth.
And I opened my heart
and began sending love
to my family, my friends,
and my loved ones.
And suddenly, this
beaming blue eye
appeared in my consciousness.
It was alive.
And it was actually
beaming bliss at me.
And I clearly remembered
it, smiling at me,
and can feel that presence
even at this moment.
It was truly wonderful.
It was like this beaming
blue eye was playing with me.
The thing is, I didn't
know what it was.
And after we left the
pyramid, I asked our group
if anyone else had
had that experience.
And of course, no one
had, and they had no clue
what I was talking about.
Finally, we were in a gift
shop at the museum down
in Luxor, Egypt.
And there sitting on a shelf was
a two-inch tall golden pyramid
with the blue Eye of Horus
placed at the exact location
of the King's Chamber.
And that was it.
That's exactly what I saw.
So I knew that that was
actually the blue Eye of Horus
that had paid me a visit.
The next day, I saw
the blue eye depicted
on the ceiling at the
Temple of Hathor at Dendera.
What we see in this
image are the gods
ascending a stairway, a
stairway actually to the Moon,
with the god Thoth who
is beaming energy to them
as if he's conducting
this ceremony, bringing
their souls to the Moon.
We see, mounted to a ship
eternity, the blue Eye
of Horus with a soul in its eye.
It looked to me like the soul
was traveling on the boat
into eternity.
Now, a lot of you may have
had a similar experience,
which I later learned
is sort of an interview.
The ascension texts
of the ancients
tell us of beings who
are actively seeking
candidates for ascension.
And when a soul shows
its signs of readiness,
the messenger or the
teacher manifests.
The really comforting
thing about this
is that the messenger
is sent to assist us
in completing our ascension
by transferring to us the rest
of the story, so to speak.
Now, I can't say
for certain that I
was interviewed by a cosmic
messenger in the King's
Chamber that day.
But I knew I was going to spend
the rest of my life trying
to understand and
figure out what happened
and try to return to that
state of extraordinary lists.
There is no better
place to begin
to connect with these
ancient ascended beings
than to go to the Temple of
Hathor in Dendera in Egypt.
Hathor was the Egyptian
goddess of love and joy.
And on the inside of her temple
is a masterpiece of ancient art
that portrays the
transformation of a pharaoh
into a celestial
being, a starwalker.
The figure shown riding
on the boat of eternity
here is a son of god, a sun
god, a soul star or starwalker
who possesses remarkable
afterlife powers
and acquires more as he goes.
Since 2004, I've been
cataloging these images
of the gods
starwalking or surfing
on this boat as a regenerated
or born-again being of light,
a star being, and comparing
them to the modern depictions
of the star boats scientists
called wormholes or stargates
that theoretically enable
travel through the galaxy
and even to parallel universes.
The similarities between
the ancient Egyptians'
ship of eternity and the
wormhole shape are eye-popping.
They're absolutely perfect.
Egyptologists say that this
boat is merely the Sun.
Well, I accept this
partial interpretation,
so long as it's accompanied by
the ancient Egyptian conception
of the Sun not only as
the light of the world,
but also as a star tunnel,
or stargate through which we
travel to the heavenly realms.
Further, the River Nile,
this sun boat sails upon,
is the heavenly
Nile, the Milky Way,
the river of stars
of the divine lady,
Isis or Hathor who became Mary
in the Christian tradition.
In my opinion, the wormhole
is the primordial symbol
of symbols.
A wormhole connects
our universe to itself
and us to the universe.
It also symbolizes our soul's
incarnation, our lives.
We all experience an inhuman
past, a present life,
and a future.
So in this way, the wormhole
symbol is the map of our life.
Notice that the blue
dot in the middle,
or throat, of the
wormhole, that symbolizes
the passage of our life.
Thinking of that
blue dot, can you
imagine a seed essence
within yourself,
a divine blue particle,
also called a cosmic egg,
a blue apple, a blue
stone, a blue pearl that
blossoms into a new skin, maybe
a blue skin, or light body
garment and opens
gateways in space
but allow instant access
to other star systems
or even galaxies
billions of miles away,
paths that take us
back to the source?
Can you imagine your
body as this stargate
from your soul's perspective?
The key to thinking of
your body has a stargate
from the soul's perspective is
to recognize that it's an error
to view a human body, the vessel
of our soul, as an object.
Even modern science
now recognizes
that our body is not a fixed
object, but it's a process.
Several trillion
cellular animals,
each of them changing
nanosecond by nanosecond,
work cooperatively
to create our body.
According to physicist Fritz
Popp, a German researcher
in biophysics, the most
basic submolecular component
of our body is made
up of particles
of light called biophotons.
These biophotons make up the
electromagnetic frequency
patterns that are found
in all living organisms.
The photon has been
called a wavicle,
because it's either
a particle or a wave,
depending on what
you expect it to be.
I enjoy the work
of Jonathan Zap,
who observed that some
physicists have suggested
that human beings
are like the wavicle.
If you view a human being
as an object, a particle,
then you experience the
mortal physical body
as all there is and will tend
towards the meat-puppet view
of neurological
materialism, as he says.
However, if you view the
human body as a soul,
then you experience the
wave-like spirit body
and will tend towards a
mystical, religious point
of view.
However, to see the
full human being,
you must flip back and forth
between these points of view,
until you're able to experience
that human beings are
both particle-like, physical
bodies, and wave-like, energy
bodies.
No one has actually
seen a photon.
But there are those, including
artist John Henrik Anderson
and a team of physicists
at the University
of Michigan, who in my view
depict the photon as a toroidal
or doughnut shaped in
the shape of a cosmic egg
with the wormhole into which all
structures from this dimension
eventually dissolve
and quite possibly out
of which all structures
continuously evolve.
The interesting
thing about this is
that, in early Christian
art, the Christ child
was shown in a cosmic
egg, in this case blue.
That blue egg, or blue
sphere, is actually
a bubble for transport.
It's possible that it
signifies a wormhole.
This beautiful, early example
comes from Saint Catherine's
Monastery in Sinai.
It's from Egypt, and
it's circa 550 AD.
What we see in this example from
the sixth century in Byzantium
is an example of a mosaic
of the Transfiguration,
of the grown Jesus in
which is surrounded
by a mandala, or mandorla,
a gateway of blue light.
This is a seventh
century example
of Christ enthroned on a
rainbow in a cosmic egg filled
with stars.
Can we see this
is as a stargate?
The egg or blue sphere is
often filled with stars.
These two images that
we're looking at here
actually tell the
exact same story.
The one on the left
from Dendera, Egypt,
shows a profile
view, or a side view,
of a transformed human soul
riding the ship of eternity.
Symbolically, the Son of
God on a throne mounted
to a wormhole from Dendera
is exactly the same as Jesus,
only shown face on, on the
throne amidst a gate of stars.
If we go to Ravenna, Italy, we
find these incredible mosaics
depicting Christ and the
angels on blue spheres.
This blue sphere is
described by shamans
as a sort of quantum
egg that the soul uses
to phase in and
out of our reality,
again suggesting that
the blue sphere is
a method of transport.
Not just Christ, but also angels
travel upon these blue spheres.
And from this art,
we can clearly
get the idea that the
blue sphere is some form
of a portal or a gateway.
These blue eggs also
symbolized the power
of the universe, the power
of Resurrection itself.
Angels, or ascended beings,
hold this power in their hands.
And they, ultimately,
offer it to us
as part of our soul's ascension.
In my view, the
blue sphere or egg
is one of the most intriguing
of all Christian symbols,
for it is upon this blue sphere
that the cosmic Christ will
appear at Judgment Day
or the Second Coming.
As we note here, blue
angels compose the egg
and will also appear with him.
This is a favorite example from
Egypt in the fourth century.
Egypt, of course, is
the esoteric birthplace
of Christianity.
Saint Catherine's Monastery
on Mount Sinai, Egypt,
was home to artists,
who sought to capture
the ethereal blue light of
heaven via their inspired icons
and clearly left the message
that these blue spheres
are gateways or portals
into other realms.
This quest or concept was also
expressed in Constantinople,
where artists created these
lovely images of portals
to the divine realm, as
well as icons of such power
that the new religion of Islam
felt so threatened by them,
that its elders had
these icons destroyed.
The icons were themselves viewed
a sacred mirrors, portals,
or gateways into
the divine realm.
They were viewed as tools for
spiritual practice, whereby
anybody could engage in
the sacred or holy light
and open a portal or a gateway.
Fortunately, a few of these
early, stunning examples
have survived.
And this is what
we're seeing here.
Finally, the Egyptian theme of
Christ in a blue sphere sitting
on a throne found
its way into Italy,
where Christ is shown
wearing the robe of light.
The strange thing about all
this is-- actually, strangely
wonderful-- is that Swami
Muktananda, a guru who
has written of the blue pearl
and also founded the Siddha
Yoga tradition, writes of
the blue pearl in hauntingly
similar terms to what
we see in these images.
He refers to the blue
pearl as the divine light
of consciousness and
an aspect of the soul.
And he says, it dwells
within everyone.
Connection with it,
says Muktananda,
is one of the most significant
of all spiritual experiences
that one can have.
And I wonder if that's what
I, in fact, experienced
in the King's Chamber
of the Great Pyramid.
Muktananda describes
how, at one point,
he experienced this blue
pearl expand until it became
the size of a human being.
He saw a magnificent being
made of shimmering blue light.
And this blue being gave him
some advice and a blessing
and then reduced in
size to the blue pearl
and entered into Muktananda.
The blue being, the embodiment
of God consciousness,
is made of an extraordinary
light, says Swami Muktananda.
And just as consciousness
expands or pulsates
and pervades the
entire universe,
and once again
contracts, similarly,
the blue being, consciousness,
the great light,
once again becomes
the blue pearl
as tiny as a sesame or mustard
seed and reenters the body.
So think about this--
the possibility
that these extraordinary
beings are traveling the cosmos
in these tiny orbs of light,
blue light, blue spheres, that
can enter into our
bodies, or even before us,
and open up into the
size of a wormhole,
that we perhaps
could step through
or that they themselves
could enter into our bodies.
Muktananda teaches that this
exquisite and enchanting
blue light is said to
contain the seed of the heart
and contains the whole universe.
And he says that the goal
of meditation in the Siddha
practice, this yogic practice,
is to see the blue pearl
and, ultimately, to go
inside it and merge with it--
in other words, to ascend.
Apparently, this blue
sphere is the soul itself.
And within this blue
pearl or blue sphere,
you will see the deity
you have personal devotion
to-- be it Ptah, or Jesus,
Buddha, Sai Baba, Krishna,
Rama.
This incredible painting,
"The Man in Sapphire Blue"
by Hildegard of Bingen portrays
Jesus as that blue being,
but it could be any divine
being that we can imagine.
In fact, Jesus
says in John 14:6,
"I am the way, and the
truth, and the life.
And no one comes to the
Father except through me."
What if Jesus
literally means that he
will manifest in a blue
sphere as a blue being
and open a portal
to take one home.
We see this characterized in
Russian Last Judgment or Second
Coming art, where we see Jesus
riding on the blue sphere.
Once again, it is
clearly meant to be
a method of transport or
manifestation for this being.
The blue sphere, in
my view, is something
akin to a wormhole or a stargate
used by the ascended ones.
And this is shown over and
over again in Christian art.
According to the Gnostic
text, the blue Oracle,
this divine being, is within
the divine core of every human.
And it is the job of the Oracle,
actually our higher self,
to awaken our awareness
of the immortal core
and our divine particle with its
spiritual potential imprinted
within.
But this immortal core, this
blue sphere, this blue pearl
is guarded by the dragon.
And it covets this divine
sphere or blue pearl.
This is why cracking the
reptilian code is essential.
This ascension has a very
interesting demon within it.
These demons, or
reptilian-type beings,
are always near the cosmic egg.
For another example, we turn
to Padmasambhava, the Guru
Rinpoche of Tibetan
tradition and who's
an emanation of the Amitabha,
the celestial Buddha
of the pure land,
who's show here
holding a blue lotus,
which is traditionally
interpreted as a symbol
of gentleness and purity.
But it's also akin to our
blue sphere, our blue pearl,
and the blue apple.
Padmasambhava is shown
here holding the patra,
or begging bowl.
He also meditates on the
triple dot Chintamani
symbol, which opens the Rainbow
Bridge into the higher realms.
The Chintamani is
also on his cloak,
indicating his body is made
of spiritual stuff of light
or the mystic light of
the Chintamani stone.
This same cloak is the
one we saw worn by Jesus
just a moment ago, as he sits
on the throne in the blue sphere
or the blue pearl.
Padmasambhava was
a celestial avatar,
who taught the great
perfection or rainbow
body of light empowerment in
Tibet in the eighth century.
The rainbow body of light
is the robe of the soul,
in my opinion.
And it's attained
by accelerating
the frequency of the
body, until it dissolves
into five-colored rainbow light,
leaving behind only hair, toe,
and fingernails, which have
no nerves to be transmuted.
The Tibetans tell us
that this teaching
is taught in 13 star
systems including our own.
All of them are
connected probably
by a system of wormholes.
And once we ourselves
attain the rainbow body,
this teaching suggests,
we are able then
to travel to these
other 13 star systems
and that there are
beings coming and going
from these star systems bringing
these teachings to Earth.
There are many
stories explaining how
Guru Padmasambhava was born.
And they're worth
taking a look at.
Some say that he
instantly appeared
on the peak of Meteorite
Mountain in Sri Lanka.
Others teach that he came
through his mother's womb.
But most accounts refer
to a miraculous birth,
explaining that he spontaneously
appeared as an eight-year-old
boy in the center of a Lotus.
When I hear a
story like this, it
makes me wonder if
Padmasambhava could
be in another representative
from an advanced civilization
that travels the
stars via wormholes,
because as we have seen,
the lotus symbolizes
the ship of eternity.
So why couldn't
Padmasambhava have
manifested as an eight-year-old
boy through the wormhole.
To achieve illumination,
or experience
Buddha nature and
the rainbow body,
we're taught that
we must meditate
on the blue pearl, the jewel in
the heart of the golden Lotus,
as it's referred to.
This is the meaning
of Om Mani Padme
Hum, the Buddhist mantra that
calls down divine blessings.
Buddhists teach that through
regular and prolonged
meditation and focus on
the blue pearl, or actually
the blue sphere, in
our own consciousness,
one gradually experiences
their true nature.
This is called Buddha nature.
And it represents attainment
of the rainbow body of light,
as we see here.
And we see that
Padmasambhava is shown here
meditating on the blue pearl.
I encourage you to make a
screenshot of this image,
take a picture with
your cell phone,
and make it the home page on
your website or on your phone
and meditate on
this image daily.
We're told that each of us on
average looks at our cellphone
200 times a day.
So what if you looked at
this image 200 times a day
and reminded yourself of
the blue pearl within you
and the possibility that
this blue parole can
open a portal or gateway into
the higher dimensional realms.
So once again, is it
possible that there
exists this super-advanced
race of beings
who traveled the stars and
long ago came to Earth?
I believe so.
Even NASA predicts that 100
million worlds in our own Milky
Way galaxy may host alien life.
And space program
scientists estimate
that humans will be able
to find life out there
within two decades.
If so, how might these
beings travel here?
We're told spaceships could
be out of the question
due to the distances
between star systems.
We're less than 100
years away, NASA
says, from developing
a warp craft that
could take us to our nearest
star system, Alpha Centauri.
In a rocket ship, this journey
would take 75,000 years.
However, in a warp
craft, that journey
could be made in just two weeks.
But another scenario
has been put forth
by science writer John Cramer.
And it fits with our blue
sphere and wormhole discussion.
Cramer begins with
the assumption
that any such
advanced civilization
would be able to snatch
microscopic wormholes
from the quantum foam that make
up the fabric of space-time
and would be able
to stabilize them.
This civilization would
then be able to hold open
one end of the wormhole
in a stable place
but aim the other end of
it at a place of interest,
say a star or a planet,
and then beam it there.
Cramer says that
traveling slightly less
than the speed of light, the
wormhole mouth, which behaves,
he says, very much like a
particle in this scenario,
could be manipulated as it
travels through the cosmos,
correcting course as needed.
Back in the lab,
the wormhole mouth
at the other end, the
one that stayed home,
would act like a peephole
into the universe.
So what he's asking
us to imagine here
is a blue sphere that's sent
through the cosmos, that,
in fact, is one end of
the mouth of a wormhole
and that this scheme would
allow super-fast travel
through the cosmos, as well as
colonization of star systems.
Cramer contemplates
the possibility
that some advanced
civilization may
be mapping the galaxy with
accelerated wormholes, sending
them out into the
cosmos as peepholes
for exploring universe,
again the blue sphere
being these peepholes.
And perhaps, when a particularly
promising or interesting scene
comes into view, the peephole
is halted and expanded
into a portal through which
a visitor from the home world
can pass or through
which an individual
on the planet under observation
could enter into as well.
While this sounds sci-fi,
as Cramer points out,
physicists have
actually observed
super-energetic
cosmic ray anomalies
that could be explained
by this wormhole theory.
Cosmic rays are charged
subatomic particles
of extraterrestrial
origin with sources,
including the Sun and
other stars, or supernovas.
In what are called
Centauro events,
cosmic ray particles with
incredibly high energy
strike the Earth and
produce a large shower
of particles that
are way beyond normal
and bear the signature of an
accelerated wormhole mouth.
These particles may have been
deliberately aimed at Earth.
So if our blue sphere equals
a wormhole analogy holds,
humans would experience
extraterrestrial beings first
as tiny blue spheres,
or flashes of blue light
orbs that can open
into whole beings.
Now, think about this.
What if, as our
consciousness evolves here
and we get a firm
understanding of wormholes
and these blue light
beings, that we
will begin to see masses of blue
spheres at some future point.
Who knows, it may be
that the orb phenomena
that so many are experiencing
when they take pictures
with their digital cameras
and they see these highly
detailed orbs with
concentric rings,
maybe they're an early
manifestation of such an event.
People have actually reported
seeing beings inside these orbs
that they catch with
their digital cameras.
Or as the ancients
suggest, this orb
may, in fact, be the
way our soul will
travel into the cosmos.
To me, contemplating this
possibility is beyond exciting.
And my greatest wish is
that all of you one day
will find yourself in
a peaceful location--
it doesn't have to be the King's
Chamber of the Great Pyramid;
it could be some
other sacred location;
it could even happen
in your living room--
and that perhaps one
of these blue flashes,
be it a blue eye, a blue
orb, or a blue angel,
will manifest in
your consciousness
and perhaps open up a
gateway or a wormhole that
will be able to take you home.
Until then, be humble.
Let your light shine.
Namaste.
I'm William Henry.
Thank you for watching.
We'll see you next time.
[THEME MUSIC]